samples: net: MQTT: Documentation update (#24223)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/net/mqtt/doc/architecture.rst

.. note::
   The sample does not include a :file:`main.c` file.
   Instead, the application uses a modular architecture where each module defines its own thread using the :c:macro:`K_THREAD_DEFINE` macro.
   This approach eliminates the need for a traditional ``main()`` function and allows each module to initialize and run independently.

>    The modules communicate with each other through the :ref:`zbus` message passing system, creating a loosely coupled, event-driven architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The modules communicate with each other through the :ref:`zbus` message passing system.
   This creates a loosely coupled, event-driven architecture.
```

   To follow the typical flow of the application, see the :ref:`mqtt_sample_sequence_diagram` section.

Application Entry Points
************************

Instead of a single ``main()`` function, the MQTT sample uses multiple entry points:

> * **Trigger Module**: Creates a thread that periodically sends trigger messages and handles button presses
> * **Sampler Module**: Creates a thread that responds to trigger messages by sampling data
> * **Transport Module**: Creates a thread that manages MQTT connections and handles message publishing/subscribing
> * **Network Module**: Creates a thread that manages network connectivity (LTE or Wi-Fi)
> * **LED Module**: Uses a listener callback (no dedicated thread) to control LEDs based on network status
> * **Error Module**: Uses a listener callback (no dedicated thread) to handle fatal errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Trigger Module** - Creates a thread that periodically sends trigger messages and handles button presses.
* **Sampler Module** - Creates a thread that responds to trigger messages by sampling data.
* **Transport Module** - Creates a thread that manages MQTT connections and handles message publishing/subscribing.
* **Network Module** - Creates a thread that manages network connectivity (LTE or Wi-Fi).
* **LED Module** - Uses a listener callback (no dedicated thread) to control LEDs based on network status.
* **Error Module** - Uses a listener callback (no dedicated thread) to handle fatal errors.
```
